Update contribution guidelines regarding requests for musicians, sport clubs, universities, government agencies, ... (#4373)
simple-icons/simple-icons: CONTRIBUTING.md

We welcome icon requests. Before you submit a new issue please make sure the icon:

* Has not already been requested. If you find an existing issue or pull request for the brand you're looking for then please add a reaction or comment to show your support.

> * Is of a _popular_ brand. For websites, the [Alexa rank](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo) should be less than 500k. For GitHub projects, the amount of "stars" should be above 5k. For anything else, popularity will be judged on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: Maybe convert these into a sublist as well?

* Doesn't fall into one of the following categories:
    - Anything that provides an illegal service (e.g. piracy, malware, threatening material, spam etc.)

>     - Governmental agencies, programs, departments (e.g. US Air Force, FBI) BUT we do allow international organizations and NGOs with supranational interests (e.g. WHO, Unicef, NASA, ESA, ...)

Reviewer: Maybe we can make this a bit shorter, how about:

```suggestion
    - Governmental agencies, programs, departments. International organizations and NGOs with supranational interests (e.g. WHO and Unicef) are allowed.
```

Also removed NASA and ESA from this sentence as they're not international nor NGOs. Not sure how to mention them though? Perhaps a sublist one level deeper?

>     - Flags

Reviewer: Maybe expand on this a bit, how about:

```suggestion
    - Symbols, including as flags and banners
```

    - Sport Clubs (e.g. Bayern Munich, FC Barcelona, ...), BUT we do allow sport organizations (e.g. FIFA, NBA, Olympic etc.)  
    - Anything related to "yearly releases" (e.g. FIFA World Cup 2022, NBA 2020, ...)

>     - Universities

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more broad, in before someone requests their high schools logo :laughing: 

```suggestion
    - Universities and other educational institutions
```

>     - Universities

Reviewer 2: Maybe adding here "educational institutions"?

```suggestion
    - Universities or educational institutions
```

    - Musicians and bands

>     - YouTubers and YouTube Channels

Reviewer: I think we should make this a bit more broad, including any social media site. I'm not sure what a generic word for "channel" is...

```suggestion
    - Social media personalities and groups/channels
```

>     - Any other brands representing individuals rather than an organization, company or product.

Reviewer 2: If this item of the list ends in a dot (`.`), all should end equal (I think that it's better all with dot ending).

Author: I've removed the single dot now as well. Hope that's o.k. for you 😄

>     - Any other brands representing individuals rather than an organization, company or product.

Reviewer: Maybe we can somehow capture "Musicians and bands" and "YouTubers and YouTube Channels"/"Social media personalities" in this one?

We welcome icon requests. Before you submit a new issue please make sure the icon:

* Has not already been requested. If you find an existing issue or pull request for the brand you're looking for then please add a reaction or comment to show your support.
* Is of a _popular_ brand:
    - For websites, the [Alexa rank](https://www.alexa.com/siteinfo) should be less than 500k.
    - For GitHub projects, the amount of "stars" should be above 5k.
    - For anything else, popularity will be judged on a case-by-case basis.
* Doesn't fall into one of the following categories:
    - Anything that provides an illegal service (e.g. piracy, malware, threatening material, spam etc.)
    - Governmental agencies, programs, departments.
       - Allowed: International organizations and NGOs with supranational interests (e.g. WHO and Unicef).

>        - Allowed: Organizations like NASA or ESA.

Reviewer 2: These ends with dots... should be removed to maintain the consistency?

Author: Sorry. 😅  I'll remove them.
